Move limitation to more appropriate location for athena configs (#6786)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/athena-configs.md

</Tabs>

> You should consider these limitations and recommendations: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider these limitations and recommendations: 
```

- `append`: Insert new records without updating, deleting or overwriting any existing data. There might be duplicate data (great for log or historical data).
- `merge`: Conditionally updates, deletes, or inserts rows into an Iceberg table. Used in combination with `unique_key`.It is only available when using Iceberg.

> You should consider this limitation:

Author: ```suggestion
You should consider this known issue:
```

> You should consider this known issue:

Reviewer: It might benefit us to make this a little friendlier. 
```suggestion
Consider this limitation when using Iceberg models:
```

> - Incremental Iceberg models - Sync all columns on schema change. Columns used for partitioning can't be removed. From a dbt perspective, the only way is to fully refresh the incremental model.

Reviewer: Suggesting some active voice
```suggestion
- Incremental Iceberg models &mdash; Sync all columns on schema change. You can't remove columns used for partitioning with an incremental refresh; you must fully refresh the model.
```

### Snapshots known issues

> - Tables, schemas and database names should only be lowercase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tables, schemas, and database names should only be lowercase.
```
